SVG Earth

There are two technical hurdles: gradients and clipping/masking.
Included are workarounds for both.

Files that use gradients are drop.svg, light.svg, and inner.svg
The "-fill" versions should load without issue. 
The gradients are darker than the fills.

Load the SVG files back to front

0 - drop.svg
1 - land-back.svg
2 - earth.svg
3 - land.svg
4 - light.svg
5 - inner.svg

Translate the "land" and "land-back" files in opposite directions at the same rate.
HTML animation is on a 10 second loop. The scrolling svg needs to wrap. 
An alternative to wrapping is to load a second copy next to the first and scroll 
together. When the second copy reaches the starting position of the first, reset 
both copies to their starting positions. Loop indefinitely.

"land-back" is a reflection of "land". If "land" can be reflected by the program, 
"land-back" is unnecessary. The "land" files have the same width and should align 
properly to the vertical center of the other files, if problems occur the sq-land 
files are the same size as the rest.

The fade of the back continents is determined by the opacity of earth.svg which 
is currently set at 80%.

"light" and "inner" are separate files so they can be turned on/off or substituted 
as needed. They could easily be combined into a single file. If the mask.svg is 
being used, it could also be added to the same file since all three are static on 
top of the rest. To add the files to each other, just copy the code between, but not 
including, the <svg> and </svg> tags. Then paste the code between the svg tags of the other 
file. SVG renders from back to front, so later tags render on top.

Either mask.svg or earth.svg should be able to determine clipping/masking or,
alternatively, just load mask.svg on top with a fill that matches the background 
color. Furthermore, if the other clipping options do not work, sq-clip can be used 
to determine a rectangular clip box around earth.svg. CSS uses a border-radius value 
of 50% (border-radius="50%") to turn this rect into a circle.